---
title: S3
weight: 200
generated_file: true
---

# Sending messages from a local network to a S3 (compatible) server
## Overview

Sends messages from a local network to a S3 (compatible) server. For more information, see the [documentation of the AxoSyslog syslog-ng distribution](https://axoflow.com/docs/axosyslog-core/chapter-destinations/destination-s3/).

Available in Logging operator version 4.4 and later.

## Example
{{< highlight yaml >}}
apiVersion: logging.banzaicloud.io/v1beta1
kind: SyslogNGOutput
metadata:
  name: s3
spec:
  s3:
    url: "https://s3-endpoint"
    bucket: "s3bucket-name"
    access_key:
      valueFrom:
        secretKeyRef:
          name: s3
          key: access-key
    secret_key:
      valueFrom:
        secretKeyRef:
          name: s3
          key: secret-key
    object_key: "path/to/my-logs/${HOST}"
{{</ highlight >}}

For available macros like `$PROGRAM` and `$HOST`,  see the [documentation of the AxoSyslog syslog-ng distribution](https://axoflow.com/docs/axosyslog-core/chapter-manipulating-messages/customizing-message-format/reference-macros/).


## Configuration
## S3Output

### access_key (*secret.Secret, optional) {#s3output-access_key}

The access_key for the S3 server. 


### bucket (string, optional) {#s3output-bucket}

The bucket name of the S3 server. 


### canned_acl (string, optional) {#s3output-canned_acl}

Set the canned_acl option. 


### chunk_size (int, optional) {#s3output-chunk_size}

Set the chunk size.

Default: 5MiB

### compresslevel (int, optional) {#s3output-compresslevel}

Set the compression level (1-9).

Default: 9

### compression (*bool, optional) {#s3output-compression}

Enable or disable compression.

Default: false

### flush_grace_period (int, optional) {#s3output-flush_grace_period}

Set the number of seconds for flush period.

Default: 60

### log-fifo-size (int, optional) {#s3output-log-fifo-size}

The number of messages that the output queue can store. 


### max_object_size (int, optional) {#s3output-max_object_size}

Set the maximum object size size.

Default: 5120GiB

### max_pending_uploads (int, optional) {#s3output-max_pending_uploads}

Set the maximum number of pending uploads.

Default: 32

### object_key (string, optional) {#s3output-object_key}

The object_key for the S3 server. 


### object_key_timestamp (RawString, optional) {#s3output-object_key_timestamp}

Set object_key_timestamp 


### persist_name (string, optional) {#s3output-persist_name}

Persistname 


### region (string, optional) {#s3output-region}

Set the region option. 


### retries (int, optional) {#s3output-retries}

The number of times syslog-ng OSE attempts to send a message to this destination. If syslog-ng OSE could not send a message, it will try again until the number of attempts reaches retries, then drops the message. 


### secret_key (*secret.Secret, optional) {#s3output-secret_key}

The secret_key for the S3 server. 


### storage_class (string, optional) {#s3output-storage_class}

Set the storage_class option. 


### template (RawString, optional) {#s3output-template}

Template 


### throttle (int, optional) {#s3output-throttle}

Sets the maximum number of messages sent to the destination per second. Use this output-rate-limiting functionality only when using disk-buffer as well to avoid the risk of losing messages. Specifying 0 or a lower value sets the output limit to unlimited.

Default: 0

### upload_threads (int, optional) {#s3output-upload_threads}

Set the number of upload threads.

Default: 8

### url (string, optional) {#s3output-url}

The hostname or IP address of the S3 server. 



